# NexusDL
NexusDL is an automatic Wabbajack modlist downloader, bypassing free-tier manual downloads and allowing for bulk-downloads of modpacks.


## Config File
The config file includes the following configuration:

- **`cache_file`**: `"./downloadedmods.json"`: Path to the cache file that stores information about downloaded mods, such as the download links and download status.
- **`download_dir`**: `"./download"`: The directory where downloaded mods will be stored.
- **`temp_dir`**: `"./temp"`: Directory where in-progress mods are kept before being moved to the `download_dir`.
- **`modlist_file`**: `"./modlist"`: The path to the Wabbajack modlist used.
- **`threads`**: `4`: The number of parrallel downloads allowed. A higher value may result in rate-limits; 4 or lower is recommended.
- **`nexus_sessions`**: `[]`: A list of your nexus mods session tokens. If `multi_sessions` is enabled, the amount of tokens should match the thread amount; otherwise, there should be one.
- **`multi_sessions`**: `false`: Enables each thread to use its own NexusMods session token for faster download speeds. Requires multiple entries in `nexus_sessions`



## Obtaining your NexusMods session token
The Nexus session token is used for authentication for NexusMods, and is required for fownloading any mod. Follow the steps below to obtain it:

1. Login to your NexusMods account on **nexusmods.com**
2. Open the browser's developer console with `CTRL + SHIFT + I`, or by right-clicking anywhere and clicking Inspect Element
3. Navigate to **Storage**/**Application** and select **Cookies**
4. Copy the value for the `nexusmods_session` cookie by double clicking on the **Value** field and pressing `CTRL + C`



## Extracting the modlist file from Wabbajack
NexusDL also requires a Wabbajack `modlist` file for downloading mods. This can be generated by downloading a modlist using the Wabbajack app, **but not installing it**

1. Navigate to the directory where Wabbajack is installed. Inside, you will find a directory that is named after the version of Wabbajack installed. (ex: 3.7.5.1)
2. Enter the `downloaded_mod_lists` directory and locate the file for your downloaded modlist. It should be a **.wabbajack** file and not a .metadata file.
3. Extract the file using any archive tool, and locate the `modlist` file inside. (this file has no extension)
4. Copy this file to this program's directory.



## Required libraries
* `requests`: for sending http requests
* `curl_cffi`: for bypassing bot detection